Folk
I see you are stupid and just got the wind of losing your heart
How dare you really come to me to court death?
To say I want to teach you is to teach you a lesson
This deity, you are a waste and dare to call yourself this deity
So arrogant
Come on, let's do it
Let me see how many brushes you have.
This is what you forced me to do.
No wonder I
Divided a sword technique
Why is this fool still?
Hahaha
I'm afraid it wasn't blown away by Young Master Hai's momentum, right?
Hahaha, a fool is a fool.
The scabbard was petrified as soon as it came out hahahaha
This antelope.
He is the most incompetent waste of our Lin family
Let the ninth elder laugh
Fool all this
Ghost play hum
not good
Binhai's room is really killing
Mom be careful
Brother, you are in full view
As the head of the family
Are you going to break the rules?
Hahahahaha
antelope
It's you who raped my whole body
Go to hell
Run away
I can't stop you, bro
Get away from me, you can do it
Die